welcome to day two of Intel Extreme
Masters six global qualifier here in
kiev ukraine joining me now is a small
matter of a man who made some sort of
transfer at the end of last year that
you probably aren't worried about I'm
joking of course it is Sonic welcome to
Kiev Sonic I have to say I'm still
getting used to seeing you in a mouse
for sure how are you feeling about it it
feels nice to be playing here comes try
again obviously but of course into W and
mouse ports are great rivals throughout
the year so it took some time to make
the decision but I must admit I'm happy
playing with these guys now okay good
and the interest in the you know the
intrigue around your transfer to male
sports is incredible writing on a
counter-strike community I guess what
they really want to know is is it going
to work out the two giants color
lighting together like yourselves and
mouse pause is it going to work how are
you playing what if your practice
regimes being like obviously the
language has been a big questions since
i don't speak that that well of german
but owe me but i guess we're getting
there to be honest Finn knows both
danish and and german so and has some
german in in school back when i was like
a kid but i don't know really i don't
see that's a that's a huge problem but
but of course sometimes we need to
switch to English but then again they
speak fine English to be honest so
that's just nice ok and in terms of the
practice and what have you I a little
rumor I'm kind of your camp recently
you've been working really hard together
and playing really well is that true
yeah of course we need to play a lap out
to at the beginning of the year we
didn't know if we were going because we
didn't knew if the EG from for USA
what's going so on a personal matter i
would have loved to play a little bit
more but i think it's been going quite
well to be honest ok in terms of the
group you are in you've lost to all
three teams in the qualifiers i'm
different is online i suppose but how do
you how do you feel it can go what's the
best expectations you guys have got of
this way
is it reaching the semi-finals is it
getting to the final what would be a
success at least ops 3 I guess but I
think that I never came in day the teams
in our group can feed each other we
don't have to it will be a disaster to
underestimate any of the teams but I
guess people see us as a favorite in
this group but we definitely need to
play to play our a game if we want to
win this and our first game is against
Moscow 5 and you know that in the first
games you can be a little bit shaky and
you need to get used to the set up and
stuff like that so it can be a really
tough match and if we lose this one it's
going to be really tough yeah the last
two times you've played these guys
you've lost both games they were New
York qualify and they cared qualifier
obviously this does that play on your
mind when you go into these games or
just put it out anything no we're gonna
just take it as it comes not really
because in the key of qualified when we
lost to Moscow 5 we played nuke and we
hadn't even looked at the map yet back
then we only practiced us to infernal
and we won against Navi on those two so
now we are a bit more prepared on nuke
so I guess that it's going to be a whole
different game and we lost like 16 13
and we had no tactic so like I said
before we don't have to underestimate
them even though I sound a bit like ya
there but it's gonna be tough but I can
see us getting the kg when you said
earlier teasing this tournament is one
tournament to earlier you you sort of
working towards maybe the grand finals
it's a bear in March yeah of course I
would rather winning March then now but
I guess that we can grow with the grow
in the tournament if we win or get
through this these group stages I think
there will be a lot better team in the
playoffs then and then we are now so
hopefully we will gain so much
experience but these three matches that
will be a top team again in the playoffs
I've got one favor to ask you as a
friend I've known you for many years now
down the years and it's one of you owes
onyx going to change your name because
that's going to give me so much trouble
commentating on you two at the same time
I guess I was there first so you can
keep yours I'm expecting then he's going
to change this name first
alright well good luck Danny thanks very
much for joining us
you